PostgreSQL's performance can be improved by VACUUMing your databases reguarly.
PostgreSQL's official birthday is the 8th July. The PostgreSQL project was born in 1996.
The first prototype for the original pgAdmin project was called pgManager and was written for PostgreSQL 6.3.2.
You can set or reset Access Control Lists on any objects on a single PostgreSQL server at the same time using the Security Wizard Plugin.
The MSysConf Wizard manages the MSysConf table which contains global settings for client applications such as Microsoft Access that use the Microsoft Jet Engine.
You can VACUUM an individual table rather than an entire database if you prefer. Just select the table before you click the VACUUM button.
You can sort your query results on screen by clicking on the column header you wish to sort by. A second click will reverse the sort order.
You can use Visual Basic to write your own Exporters and Plugins. Check out the documentation for more details.
Support for pgAdmin can be requested through the pgadmin-support@postgresql.org mailing list.
New features and developments are discussed by the pgAdmin Developers through the pgadmin-hackers@postgresql.org mailing list.
The majority of the pgSchema library was developed on a Windows 2000 laptop in front of a TV near Oxford, England!
You can change your password by selecting 'Change Password' from the 'File' menu.
You can switch the Status Bar on or off from the 'View' menu.
You can switch the Tool Bar on or off from the 'View' menu.
You can switch the Log Window on or off from the 'View' menu.
You can switch the Definition Pane on or off from the 'View' menu.
The Definition Pane displays the reversed engineered SQL for the selected object.
Text Highlight colours, style and the trigger words themselves can be selected from the 'Options' form.
The meaning of Life, the Universe and Everything is 42.
The pgAdmin developers are based in the UK, France and the US.
PostgreSQL 7.2 supports tables without OID columns in order to cut down on OID usage.
In PostgreSQL 7.2 you can monitor system activity on a per connection basis using 'SELECT * FROM pg_stat_activity'.
There are a number of useful files, tools and projects included with PostgreSQL in the /contrib directory of the source tree.
PostgreSQL's procedural languages include pl/pgSQL, pl/Python, pl/TCL, pl/Perl & pl/sh.
pgAdmin II was downloaded over 10,000 times *before* the first release quality version was available!
The rserv project in PostgreSQL's contrib directory can be used for Master -> Slave replication.